# YouTube-Data-US
Youtube Data US This data comes from a Kaggle dataset, it includes a bunch of information for videos that were trending for at least one day. This data set will require some cleaning in excel prior to Tableau. You can find the dataset in supporting materials at the bottom of this page.  You are required to create three visualizations. Some questions you may attempt to answer include those pertaining to the following areas:  What tags have grow in popularity over time? (The tag field is very hard to work with, consider asking a different question. Reminder all of the questions here are suggestions, they are not required. There is an additional file with the tags transposed into a a single column that you can make use of as well. To join it in you will want to join it on channel title and title of the video)  You will need to first figure out how to clean the data from having bunch of tag words all in one cell to a format where you can count the number of times the individual tag word is used each day, month, or year depending on how you are answering this question  What categories are the most liked and disliked?  To answer this question you will need to replace the numeric category IDs with the actual names which are in a separate file. Then you can looks at this question deeper. Perhaps there is a time of year where one category is preferred? Are there certain channels with an outlier amount of likes or dislikes?  You can also come up with your own question!  As you work with the data, come up with a question you're curious about and can be answered from the data. Build a dashboard or story to answer your question and lead viewers to that answer.  Requirements Use the Project Rubric to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you are ready to submit! If you see room for improvement in any category in which you do not meet specifications, keep working!  Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity reviewer according to the same Project Rubric. Your project must "Meet Specifications" in each category in order for your submission to pass.  Reminders Your visualization work should use Tableau: other visualization tools may not be evaluated by reviewers. Host your dashboards/stories on Tableau Public, you'll be submitting them to reviewers and this makes them easily accessible.  Remember that your visualization should be explanatory in nature and communicate specific results that you want to show.
